README.md, before:

# 🔍 Visionary PR Diff

<div align="center">
  <img src="icons/icon128.png" alt="Visionary PR Diff Logo" width="128" />
  
  ### *The advanced pixel-level image regression analysis engine for modern GitHub Pull Requests.*

  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/carlos-camara/visionary-pr-diff)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)
  [![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/carlos-camara/visionary-pr-diff)
</div>

---


## ✨ Key Impact

- **🧠 Pixel-Level Intelligence**: Automatically identifies and highlights exact pixel modifications between original and updated images.
- **🛡️ Quality Guardrails**: Prevents accidental UI regressions by providing absolute clarity in Pull Request reviews.
- **✨ Premium Integration**: Seamlessly injects a high-fidelity "Visual Diff" button into the standard GitHub UX.
- **🚥 Enterprise Standards**: Built with Manifest V3 and styled with a sleek glassmorphism aesthetic for top-tier performance.

---

## ⚙️ How It Works

1. **DOM Observation**: The engine monitors GitHub's "Files changed" section for image modifications.
2. **Action Injection**: A surgical **Visual Diff** button is injected into the header of every detected image file.
3. **Canvas Processing**: Upon activation, the engine extracts the "Before" and "After" images and processes them through an HTML5 Canvas-based bitwise comparison.
4. **Visual Result**: A high-fidelity modal overlay renders the difference map, highlighting changes in surgical magenta.

---

## 🛠️ Installation (Developer Mode)

1. Clone this repository.
2. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable **Developer mode** (top right).
4. Click **Load unpacked** and select the repository directory.

---

## 🤝 Community & Development

We value professional contributions. Please refer to our community guidelines:

- [**Contributing**](CONTRIBUTING.md) - How to help improve the engine.
- [**Changelog**](CHANGELOG.md) - Tracking our progress and releases.
- [**Security**](SECURITY.md) - Our commitment to vulnerability management.
- [**Code of Conduct**](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - Maintaining a professional environment.

---

## ⚖️ Licensing

Licensed under the **MIT License**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

<div align="center">
  <i>Part of the <b>Visionary Engineering Suite</b> by Carlos Camara</i>
</div>

Commit message:

docs: professionalize README, add GIF demo and repository cleanup

README.md, after:

# 🔍 Visionary PR Diff

<div align="center">
  <img src="icons/icon128.png" alt="Visionary PR Diff Logo" width="128" />
  
  ### *The advanced pixel-level image regression analysis engine for modern GitHub Pull Requests.*

  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/carlos-camara/visionary-pr-diff)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)
  [![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/carlos-camara/visionary-pr-diff)

  <br />

  ![Visionary PR Diff Demo](visionary-pr-diff.gif)

  *Surgical precision in every pixel. Clarity in every Pull Request.*
</div>

---

## ✨ Key Features

- **🧠 Pixel-Level Intelligence**: Automatically identifies and highlights exact pixel modifications between original and updated images.
- **🛡️ Quality Guardrails**: Prevents accidental UI regressions by providing absolute clarity in Pull Request reviews.
- **✨ Premium Integration**: Seamlessly injects a high-fidelity "Visual Diff" button into the standard GitHub UX.
- **🚥 Enterprise Standards**: Built with Manifest V3 and styled with a sleek glassmorphism aesthetic for top-tier performance.

---

## ⚙️ How It Works

1. **DOM Observation**: The engine monitors GitHub's "Files changed" section for image modifications.
2. **Action Injection**: A surgical **Visual Diff** button is injected into the header of every detected image file.
3. **Canvas Processing**: Upon activation, the engine extracts the "Before" and "After" images and processes them through an HTML5 Canvas-based bitwise comparison.
4. **Visual Result**: A high-fidelity modal overlay renders the difference map, highlighting changes in surgical magenta.

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Setup

<details>
<summary><b>Click to expand installation steps</b></summary>

1. **Clone** the repository to your local machine.
2. Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable **Developer mode** (toggle in the top right corner).
4. Click **Load unpacked** and select the repository directory.
5. Watch the magic happen on your next GitHub PR with images!

</details>

---

## 🤝 Community & Development

We value professional contributions. Maintain the highest standards of engineering excellence by following our guidelines:

| Resource | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [**Contributing**](CONTRIBUTING.md) | How to help improve the engine. |
| [**Changelog**](CHANGELOG.md) | Tracking our progress and releases. |
| [**Security**](SECURITY.md) | Our commitment to vulnerability management. |
| [**Code of Conduct**](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) | Maintaining a professional environment. |

---

## ⚖️ License

Distributed under the **MIT License**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

---

<div align="center">
  <i>Part of the <b>Visionary Engineering Suite</b> by Carlos Camara</i>
</div>
